This is the Persuasion Tool Website developed by Trent for BITSLAB.

- app
  - main
    - views.py
      - Handles the backend events with flask framework.
      - Contains all the view function, is the most important file in this project handling the backend logic.
    - tool.py
      - Using machine learning libraries to calculate persuasion, it also has a "gettingFeatures" function used to    get the specific features of a given statement.
    - __init__.py
      - A file used in larger flask project, to make the project structure nore clear, in this project, it is used by blueprint. Blueprint is used to organize a big flask project.
    - MLmodels
      - Contains all machine learning models used by the website.

  - static
    - Contains all the static file in a flask project, including .css, .js and so on. All the files contained in this project could be accessed by any user.
    - download
      - Contain all the data exported from database. After clicking 'export' button, all the data in the remote PostgreSQL database would be written into a .csv file in this project, then to send to user.

- migrations
  - Auto generated by running manage.py, used for database migration.

- manage.py
  - This file is used for database migration.
  - After deployed, any change made to database models, should run this file to map changes in models to the remote database.
  - Useful operations:
    - python3 manage.py db init -> used to create the menu structure for migrations dir, only first time need
    - python3 manage.py db migrate -> migrate changes
    - python3 manage.py db upgrade -> map to remote

  - templates
    - Contains all .html files for the website.

  - __init__.py
    - A file needed blueprint for the app layer.

  - config.py
    - Contains the configuration for flask framework.
    - Basic config added in Config class, configurations for development added in DevelopmentConfig class, configurations for production added in ProductionConfig. Values in Config would be covered by the same variable in DevelopmentConfig and ProductionConfig which inherits Config.

  - models.py
    - A file for SQLAlchemy, define all of the object models for database.

- nltk.txt
  - Specify all of the dependency of nltk, which would be loaded when the app sets up.

- Procfile
  - A file needed by Heroku, tell Heroku how to start you app.

- requirements.txt
  - A file needed by Heroku, contains all the python libs needed by this app. In this file, there are some redundant dependencies cause I didn't enable a virtual environment in this project, it's better to have one.

- run.py
  - A file used to run this app for development, not needed in the production environment.

- frequently used commands
  - git push heroku master
  - heroku open
  - heroku logs
